<h1 align="center">CSS Assignment 2021</h1>
<br>
It is highly recommended to separate CSS sheets from HTML documents, and there are several reasons. All websites are made with a purpose, which implies that they need to be functional and easy to maintain. In order to be functional, HTML webpages will need to link to other files, which may be images, cascading style sheets, Javascripts, etc.. Websites usually have a unique colour scheme, so similar themes would apply to each webpage. If you were to embed your CSS inside your HTML documents, there would be heaps of repeated elements in each HTML file, which is completely unnecessary. Repeating these styles comes at a great cost, because it drastically increases the directory’s size, and hence, increases the bandwidth of your site, which simply means more time to load your website’s content online. At the start, I also noted that effective websites need to be easy to maintain. If you wanted to update your website’s colour scheme, you would need to change every single HTML file’s styles. On the other hand, if you create a CSS document shared between all your HTML pages, you will only need to edit there. <br><br>
There is no risk involved on my website because it doesn’t require the user to fill out anything with their personal information, like logins or signups. Conversely, if there were specific details to submit, then there would be a risk of privacy exploitation and personal information being stolen. My website is very sustainable because I have separated my CSS styles from my HTML structure, so if I created more HTML pages in the future, I could link them to the same CSS file. One way my website could be improved to provide more functionality for users is to create forms for flight bookings and columns of flight times with destinations. My website has neither of those, so there is plenty of room for improvement for functionality. However, since this is a CSS task assessing my ability to link my scripts to my HTML webpages, I didn’t need to create those flight times, destinations, policies, bookings, and payment forms. 
